so the Navy has done a really good job realigning even the names of their
ratings to make it Maura aligned with civilian counterparts, For
instance, uh, cooks used to be called mess specialist, but when they
went to get a job out in town as a cook or a culinary person, they
don't understand what a mess specialist was now their culinary specialist.
So getting a job coming from a culinary specialist Avenue is
easily aligned to the civilian world, and so they've done great pains
to do that, also to upping their qualification. So, for instance,
ah, legal men now will leave the Navy with the peril legal qualifications
that will transfer right into the civilian world so continuously
working on those opportunities.